update message text and set to FATAL_ERROR (#1045)
SyneRBI/SIRF: src/xGadgetron/cGadgetron/tests/CMakeLists.txt

        COMMAND ${CMAKE_COMMAND} -E env LD_LIBRARY_PATH=${CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX}/lib:$ENV{LD_LIBRARY_PATH} ${EXE_ISMRMRD_SL} -w 64 -a 2 -o "${TESTDATA_TEMP_PREFIX}_2.h5"
        WORKING_DIRECTORY ${TESTDATA_OUTPUT_PATH})
  else()

>     message(FATAL_ERROR "We could not find the ismrmrd_generate_cartesian_shepp_logan executable. Either set the variable to the -DEXE_ISMRMRD_SL=<path_to>ismrmrd_generate_cartesian_shepp_logan executable or disable the generation of the Shepp Logan phantom with -DRUN_ISMRMRD_SHEPP_LOGAN=OFF" )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    message(FATAL_ERROR "We could not find the ismrmrd_generate_cartesian_shepp_logan executable. Either set the corresponding variable to the EXE_ISMRMRD_SL=<path_to>ismrmrd_generate_cartesian_shepp_logan_executable or disable the generation of the Shepp Logan phantom wby setting RUN_ISMRMRD_SHEPP_LOGAN=OFF" )
```
